---
layout: post
title: Head Trauma Website
categories: documentation
published: true
---

## Bang Head here

To help things work, I filled out some stuff in my config.yml file for Jekyll.
baseurl tag with my location on my local hard drive for my website folder and url tag with
my GitHub website address. And trying to jump start git I added a repository tags
and added my GitHub repository name.  All of this on the websites I have been visiting
looks simple and follows the comments I am reading but, it prevented my local server from
starting or as I was commenting these tags out to test sometimes my pages went missing
and I served up my 404 error page beautifully.

### Things my website needs

faults
- My website has a dearth of Content
-- fixable
-- photos and placed in the proper data or assets folders
- css buttons for my nav bar
- css working on my posts not just my root folder pages
-- with my default folder structure why cant the relative links work?
- website submission via local git to GitHub
-- spent hours with no luck on this one. In stackEdit I trust.
- I want my headings with a different font. I am on the Hunt
- I need a logo
-- quality gimp time here I come
-- GNU Image Manipulation Program
- make mobile responsive css

### Reading Jekyll site

Path to Jekyll must not be same thing as a Path to my website folder.
which Jekyll gave this output.
```
johnbolan@JohnBolan-Gazelle-Professional:~$ which jekyll
/home/johnbolan/gems/bin/jekyll

```
I have no idea why this is important but it seems to be important.  
I bring this up because they have a Jekyll Atom add on and I have Atom.  
I think I will leave this alone.

This code snip it would have been useful to know.

```
<ul>
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li>
      <a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
      {{ post.excerpt }}
    </li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>
```

I used webjeda's code:

```
% for post in site.posts %}
     <h2> <a href="{{post.url}}">{{post.title}}</a></h2>
  <p> {{post.date | date: "%-d %B %Y"}} <br>
       {{post.content | strip_html | truncate: 144 }} </p>

 {% endfor %}
```
Here is some .gitignore code I should put in a file named .gitignore.  I have
already made one useing the turtorails before. But this is a more complete
file.

```
# Ignore folders generated by Bundler
vendor
.bundle

# Ignore folders generated by Jekyll
.sass-cache
_site

```
Previous I only had this file in .gitignore.

```
_site/

```
Much better right?
